Create 2025-05-20.md (#252)
department-of-veterans-affairs/developer-portal-content: content/verification/veteran-verification/release-notes/2025-05-20.md

> A defect was corrected in the Flashes endpoint of the API that could cause data to be omitted from the API response. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We fixed an issue in the Flashes endpoint that sometimes left out data in the API response.
```
